---
layout: page
title: Participate
permalink: /participate/
---
Currently, there is no easy way for analysts in one school system to leverage
analysts’ skills and knowledge in another state or district. Additionally,
education researchers are developing advanced methods and techniques to answer
important questions, but their code often remains locked in the ivory tower or
in think tanks.  Through an open community, we can begin to break down barriers
and democratize education data analysis. Here is how:

{% include link_box.html heading = "Run Contributed Analyses" content = "Select
the repository of analysis that you want explore from our Analysis library.
Clone, download, or fork resources to your computer. Then, open the code and
synthetic data, and run it with Stata or R. Adapt to your local data by cleaning
and formatting your data to match the analysis specifications, and use the web
guide as a resource while you code." started =
"https://opensdp.github.io/analysis" %}

{% include link_box.html heading = "Contribute New Analyses" content = "We
invite you to take advantage of the OpenSDP platform to share your code and
approach to analyzing an education problem. We invite new repositories, example
data visualizations, data dashboards, causal inference techniques, and more. You
select your preferred OS license for your contributions to the community. To
share your work, use OpenSDP's synthetic data, generate your own, or work with
publicly available data."  started = "https://opensdp.github.io/data"%}

{% include link_box.html heading = "Improve Existing Analyses" content = "We
encourage you to modify, break and add to the code we’ve released thus far.
Visit OpenSDP on GitHub, choose and clone your repository of interest, modify or
add to it, and then send us a pull request to update the main branch of the
particular OpenSDP repository." started = "https://github.com/OpenSDP" %}

{% include link_box.html heading = "Join the Community" content = "Sometimes it
is just easier to get a response from the community when you need analytic help.
Ask to join OpenSDP's Slack Team to collaborate with nationwide education
analysts on solving your analytic challenges." started =
"mailto:opensdp@gse.harvard.edu?subject=OpenSDP%20Slack%20invitation%20request"
%}

{% include link_box.html heading = "How to Get Started" content = "OpenSDP is
built on the GitHub platform. To begin contributing, create a GitHub account.
Using GitHub you can send us feedback, host your own example analyses, and
collaborate with other members of the OpenSDP community." started =
"https://github.com/join" %}


<br>
<strong>
Do you have something else to share? Let us know:
[{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}) <strong>
